[Applause]
this is life in
Gaza traumatized families rushing their
loved ones to overcrowded
hospitals as Israeli air strikes
surge so does the number of Palestinian
casualties this mother clings to her
child as she is carried to the operating
room
a father and his son are rescued from
under the rubble he has no idea if the
other members of the family have
survived different faces the same
tragedy we told again and again by
survivors this woman lost seven children
a daughter-in-law and her
grandchildren I wish I had never had
children don't send us food send us
coffins instead she
cries Medical Teams are overwhelmed and
running out of even the most basic
supplies volunteers relay harrowing
stories about what it's like inside
gaza's hospitals what I see every moment
is different the injuries are unusual
with s be up to
4° this BS has not mentioned in the
medical books nor study in the medical
programs I did not expect to his them
and my
life Israel is bombarding several areas
of the strip from Gaza City in the north
to khuras in the South people are
desperate for shelter but for now now
their main concern is rescuing loved
ones trapped under the wreckage of what
was once a
home it's like Hiroshima there is no
Humanity left in the world no one is
standing by us we haven't slept since
yesterday and we haven't been able to
pull anyone out there were 70 to 80
people in this house young children are
still under the
rubble a humanitarian Aid agency is warn
civil order
is collapsing basic services are
crumbling medicine is running out food
and water are running out the street of
Gaza have started overflowing with sage
Gaza is on the brink of a massive Health
aard bues pil up at makeshift morgs
families have only a few minutes to
identify their relatives and Say Goodbye
before the next a strike
hits hash Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer